both sapling voice it's way back here
and this is going to be the staple
series of my channel this is Road to
Glory Road to the man shaft I don't
exactly have a specific title for it yet
I'm thinking of just calling it the man
shaft so in German that means like the
team so what the goal here in this
series is gonna be is starting out with
an all bronze German national squad
comprised of both Bundesliga and
Bundesliga two players and upgrade that
over the course of FIFA 14 to a full on
German national team
whatever the national team rosters
looking like obviously the names you
know until Schweinsteiger Muller
although all the ones you know and some
of the ones that you don't even down to
the subs so it's gonna be very specific
very specific ain't paid so what we're
gonna do is you can see here I've got
the hundred chemi some of you guys might
nitpick I don't have a full ten camión
some players that's because I've got a
combination of Bundesliga 2 and
Bundesliga 1 players believe it or not
the 1 there's some Bundesliga two
players that give me a competitive
advantage over some Bundesliga
Bundesliga players for example Krynica
is in the Bundesliga at spy but he's got
93 pace and I'm gonna need to survive
I'm gonna need a win game so really
that's what I'm looking for right now
but guys I'm gonna do a get some likes
on the video um if you want to see the
squad builder for this make sure you
check it out yeah if you want to see the
check out that video I'll throw a link
in the description but guys this is the
team we're gonna roll with this is the
man shaft it's not even a full full star
squad right now but let's see online
season starting out in division 10 and
you want to know what's crazy one thing
I just noticed like the the logo for
division 10 looks a lot like the adidas
one I don't know but yeah this is my
this is my German kit I've even got the
I've even got the adidas shorts so uh
usually you see me in my froggy onesie
and that's what I'll be in most of the
time but we're just gonna get right into
this thing right here for those of you
UK this is my first match of FIFA 14
searching for an opponent UK release
came out so it should be no problem
finding someone really quickly
should be no problem finding someone
really quickly alright I don't know
maybe maybe if it's taking this long for
everyone in the UK to download the game
as it took for me which was like four
hours like no joke the gate the game
took four to five hours to download and
see so I've got the I've got two kits
one looks kind of like the German home
kit and then the other looks like the
German away kit so we're gonna roll with
the the Deutsche the Dolce Haim kit
cutting George Jordan United all right
so he's rolling with who's that code
solace that is the most unflattering
picture of an Argentinian ever seen or
is that the Uruguayan ah don't judge me
he's got got Fellaini alright boys let's
just Oh first gave a FIFA 14 I'm excited
man let's represent I'm gonna do a
separate pink slip series but there'll
be times when I pink slip you know at a
certain point in FIFA 14 there will be
times when I do a pink slip for a player
some of some episodes in this series are
going to be labeled wager so this one is
gonna be more like introductory this is
gonna be like an introductory thing but
throughout the course of this series
it's gonna be kind of like a Q&A type
deal where I kind of talk to you guys
and it'll be it'll be like the main
series on the channel definitely you
know starting out let's let's get it
rolling what do you guys think about the
what do you guys think about the new
game yay nay what do you like about it
what don't you like about it
it feels a lot different than 13 ah and
it does feel different than the demo
again this is my first game in the in
the proper the proper release I mean
obviously the patches they're gonna be
doing are probably gonna be ma minor at
this point you're not gonna be see any
gameplay tweaks and any upcoming patches
and that sort of thing it'll probably be
just a couple things here and there
maybe interface type stuff and again who
knows I could be wrong my two
center-backs have 85 and 90 strengths
respectively for bronze players that is
freaking amazing and one thing guys
you're not gonna see me do any series as
much as I love like I'd love to do a
career mode or something like that
not only do I feel like other guys like
a nine and and and company they do a
better job
oh shit god damn it
all right let's slow down let's slow
down here it's good some of our boys
involved man send them saga that's is
awfully big man Loney Khedira that's
Sami Khedira 's brother right there boy
represent first goal of the FIFA 14 the
FIFA 14 season is a freakin header
headers are freaking Opie or so I've
heard
Wow didn't even need to I mean Jesus I
didn't even need to really try it was
just locked on from the get-go
particular right there but yeah guys I
only have two shots one on target but uh
51 possession I want to see that
possession go up a little bit I'm not oh
yeah dude kiddies I was playing well
Duke I want to see so I want to see more
of Connecticut and Lucca this half
let's get it's gonna kick good okay good
okay all right all right
I like the interception so far defense
is playing well these guys are gelling
again it's not a full ten kami but uh
I'm I'm pleased with the way they're
playing I feel a goal coming on for me
I'm being honest let's go Krynica good
okay look at the pace look at the pace
send it all come on Ref blow that Manny
went for the ankles
oh we got it we got it Oh ready caddy
lies the player dude when I did the
player when I did the squad builder I
thought he was gonna be the least
impressive look at the positioning the
attacking positioning is great I thought
he was gonna be the least impressive of
the players because there's no true
rating the only reason I chose him is
because he sent me could the others
brother but he has two goals in this
game he's the player of the game get an
array of fucking sloppy boys you were
only supposed to blow the bloody doors
off she was out oh shit is it gonna be
that one is gonna be one those get my
god I'll Rashidi again are you kidding
me well no now you Fellini got that
first goal oh my god fluff that okay so
one question I wanted to ask you guys
are there any German bronze strikers
that you would record
what the hell was that like legit what
was that I couldn't even I couldn't even
understand what I was seeing
did that go off someone what the fuck
89th minute are you kidding me fuck what
I mean I can't complain I didn't play I
should have played better I guess what
the fuck
Oh any Khedira fuck okay all right well
I got some coins out of that I got to
step my game up guys that was my first
game I'm gonna get some in the meanwhile
but oh oh and one starting out the FIFA
14 season with a loss that sucks but
guys I hope you enjoyed that episode I
hope you enjoyed this series we've got
talking to the camera here let me know
what you think about this series in the
comments section below
let me know if there's any bronze German
players that you want to see me sub sub
in and place the guys that I currently
have in and then just let me know your
thoughts on people 14 in general so like
comment subscribe look forward to bring
you more of this series and others until
next time boys choose later a date